added required steps if you use a custom domain (#849)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/LunaNodeWebDeployment.md

This article explains the **deployment of BTCPay Server through LunaNode Web-Wizard**. [LunaNode](http://lunanode.com/) is Canadian based hosting provider that accept Bitcoin payments and requires no personal identification except for a phone number verification.

> Their web-wizard is one of the easiest ways to **deploy BTCPay Servers from a very user-friendly interface**. This method is highly recommended if you don't have a lot of technical knowledge. However, if you set up a custom domain you will need to have some comfort with the shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Their web-wizard is one of the easiest ways to **deploy BTCPay Servers from a very user-friendly interface**. This method is highly recommended if you don't have a lot of technical knowledge. However, if you set up a custom domain you will need to have some comfort with the command line interface.
```

Reviewer: Just making CLI generic instead of Shell specific. 
An unfamiliar user wouldn't know what shell is.

> Their web-wizard is one of the easiest ways to **deploy BTCPay Servers from a very user-friendly interface**. This method is highly recommended if you don't have a lot of technical knowledge. However, if you set up a custom domain you will need to have some comfort with the command line interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Their web-wizard is one of the easiest ways to **deploy BTCPay Servers from a very user-friendly interface**. This method is highly recommended if you don't have a lot of technical knowledge. LunaNode will provide you with a generic domain for your server to get you started. If you want to set up a custom domain you will need to have some comfort with the command line interface. 
```

Reviewer 2: Important to mention this, so that we don't intimidate non-technical users.

3. Use your own domain or automatically-generated one by LunaNode.
4. Customize the web-wizard settings according to your needs.
5. Click Launch VM. Wait 6-7 minutes for Virtual Machine deployment.

If you've used a custom domain,

6. SSH into the VM using either the password generated by LunaNode or your private-public key pair.
7. Run the following commands.
```bash
$ sudo su -

> $ export BTCPAY_HOST=btc.helpers.fun

Reviewer 3: please use generic domain name here

Author: ooh, good catch
